c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests.dll
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests.pdb
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.dll
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.pdb
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\obj\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests.dll
c:\users\w3stfa11\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Video-to-Wikipedia\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\obj\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\ffmpeg2theora.exe
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests.dll
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.dll
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.pdb
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\obj\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests.dll
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\obj\Debug\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\w3stfa11\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\video-to-wikipedia.git\Video-to-Wikipedia.Tests\bin\Debug\FlickrNet.dll
